content/en/docs/media-server/conclusion.md, before:

---
title: "Conclusion"
description: "A summary of the completed media server setup and potential future improvements."
tags: ["docs", "media-server"]
weight: 10
draft: false
---

## To Conclude

Congratulations! You've successfully set up a fully-functional media server on your Synology NAS using Docker and Docker Compose. With a suite of applications like Sonarr, Radarr, SABnzbd, Transmission, Jackett, NZBHydra2, Overseerr, and Plex, you now have a powerful, automated, and centralized media server for your home or office.

In this guide, you've learned how to:

- Prepare your Synology NAS for Docker and Docker Compose
- Create a `docker-compose.yml` file with all necessary services and configurations
- Set up and configure the `/dev/net/tun` device for VPN support
- Start your media server containers and access their web interfaces
- Configure your media server applications
- Automate container updates using Watchtower
- Troubleshoot common issues and perform regular maintenance tasks

By following this guide and best practices, you can enjoy a robust, secure, and efficient media server experience on your Synology NAS. Happy streaming!

Commit message:

update media server docs to use SynoCommunity packages rather than docker containers.

content/en/docs/media-server/conclusion.md, after:

---
title: "Conclusion"
description: "A summary of the completed media server setup."
tags: ["docs", "media-server"]
weight: 7
draft: false
---

## Conclusion

Congratulations! You've now set up a comprehensive media server on your Synology NAS using a selection of community-developed applications. You've created a powerful and centralized media server setup with Sonarr, Radarr, SABnzbd, Transmission, Jackett, NZBHydra2, Overseerr, and Plex, ready to serve your home or office with ease.

Throughout this guide, you have learned to:

* Prepare your Synology NAS for the installation of community-developed packages
* Install media server applications and access their web interfaces
* Configure the applications to work together seamlessly
* Troubleshoot common issues that might arise during the operation of your media server
* Regularly maintain your setup to ensure smooth and efficient operation

By following the guidelines and best practices outlined in this guide, you're well-equipped to enjoy a robust, secure, and efficient media server experience on your Synology NAS. Happy streaming!
